docs(javascript): vanilla JS contents from wiki (#4412)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/components/src/globals/js/mixins/README.md

`.createdByLauncher()` method allows you to run an event handler of the event
that caused instantiating the component.

# Other mixins

## `evented-state.js`

> In our components, often time clicking a UI element implies a certain state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our components, oftentimes clicking a UI element implies a certain state
```
